and it might have a people
you do have the problem that you don't know
that you have to give to someone for Christmas
so i thought i leave an inspiring one
make video for you
i let in this video 2 do it yourself
see and some other stuff
so i hope i can lend you a hand
and that you like this video
and have fun watching
do you know someone who is creative and want to
a nice package for those
compile
you don't know what then this might be
an ideal package for those
I have almost everything from the hema except
the photo frame's traction
I think he leads the pens anyway
Always handy during learning and
so this stick i bookmarked
are of course also useful for school
learn and for other things
pens are of course also not possible
missing because yes pens needed and then
I first saw this book I
the color is love just wanted
the photo frame also has a magnet on it
the back and the picture that is in it
I like how hard I sit
may yes this is such a christmas comfi
winter package you come with a hair band
socks hand cream and a cup
I have weeks of the action as well
is the socks come from the primark and them
its so cute and it's with one
reindeer
this hair band comes from the action and this one
hand cream point of the target glass and this
was again
package number 2
I personally think this package is it
it is really my style
and I like the combination
and secretly I would do this from myself
want to give the bucket where all
presents in it comes from the action
these ears also come from the action i
also really a lot of presents with the
action
these magnets come open from the action
yes action and just nice stuff the
phone case comes from the spice barrel
d all the outside is nice and deep us
the herb barrel
and this blouse is of essence
if you don't know what you mean to someone
give us for Christmas then you can also get one
buy bag this bag comes from primark
and in the home you just do it randomly
things go to the store and you search
of the most out of my stuff
and that gives you as a gift that is
original and super fun
here I have a candle too no they come
from the prima this bandana also comes from
the Primark and has a lot of fun
print
I have this calendar with such
purchased a bookstore in zaandam
I have this Christmas tree with nice beeps
of the action
these earrings are from just primark and
that was already this swimming package on
to a q wit yourself
you need a notice board a piece of paper
or several papers of your choice
Finesse needed and you have the helpers
needed where
raise quotes or nice drawings
I don't care if it is fun or
if you like it but find themselves
cover your pin board with papers on it
some paper you may know for yourself
be creative and then you spread
quotes your drawings or whatever you do
have made
and if you did that and if you did them
have given a nice place on the notice board
fasten them with pins because different
do not listen that this mushroom you
logical and then your gift is ready
and so you can give it as a gift
or you can keep it yourself
if you just think it's too nice to leave
to give
i love myself because i have fun and hang out
it also inspires me such a plate
this is a very simple do it yourself
are messages that you stuck
blinked and it actually is
so it does have meaning, therefore
I like it extra
it's easy to make and I think so
everyone like to get some
you all have to do is yes you cut
just some nice pictures and not
slice on a clothespin you can big
clothespins use small clothespins
encountering a challenge is simply quite
simple
and you may need a clothes peg if you need
have done that
write your nice messages on one
paper or on a colored paper
be creative and just be creative
I say and then you attach them to the
clothespins it is very simple
as I said before but it
is fun and it has meaning
so yes i hope you actually do this
find it nice and funny but we are
not ready yet because I have another
last gift inspiration things for
you this is a cup where you yourself
write something down with chalk it is
of course very personal what you
call to write you can do it simple
I can keep a sweet message
write down
yes you can actually bring me anything
got this cup for me in the action
bought a euro so that's just one
super you can buy in that cup then you can
do a snap here i have candy canes in it
done and all home for christmas is you
I don't know why that is finished
written it's just nice but this
all presents were inspiration things
if you have one of these presents
made to have composed please send
a photo to with is on instagram
with hashtag lovely christmas
and then i want to thank you for it
and see you next time